Can mop floors or dishes.
You can book a TV with a set-top box and a remote control, pots, pillows, chairs, pans
Yes, the state provides us with 5000 CZK.
That's why I read the Bible, the Koran, etc., to find answers to the questions I was looking for.
You cheered me up
If you could help me pay for May and June?
That is, I will live with two women from Ukraine and their children? Is it a family that is ready to accept us?
One day, a Russian – either a paratrooper officer or an FSB representative – came to us and said that there would be an evacuation.
Turn to the Master with whom we live?
Prosecutor General Iryna Venediktova said that on April 3, 410 bodies of killed civilians were removed from the territory of the Kyiv region liberated from the Russian invaders.
Also today, one man has to call back and say if he found something for me
◻️ The defenders of Mariupol announced the spraying of an unknown poisonous substance from a Russian drone over the city.
Then I'll do it tomorrow
Make you happy 😢.
And now I can come to you for a moment, there is one question
Will we be able to change the package tomorrow if the monthly tariff has already expired?
I don't have the strength to do them
We went to this address, they asked for something to school, some notebooks were needed, maybe we got to the wrong place
I don't know what to do, I need housing soon, but I don't have housing
Hi, how are you? What did you do today?
But I treat it the way we're together. That we're a couple.
So we registered, but it is difficult to live in a hostel here and it is not very convenient for my son.
I read the ad on Facebook, so apparently Google wrote🏵️ something in its own way. , I think the phone number is enough
You communicate a lot, maybe you will know someone
There are a lot of caponiers, buried equipment and soldiers.
Among all the citizens of Russia, only your soldiers have been there, who in 2015 began bombing thousands of civilians, gaining experience for the next serious war.
If "the evil demons of the past appear today in new clothes," he said, "then for us Germans there can be only one answer: never again!
I didn't have time to get a booster (third dose) vaccine at home. Is this vaccination paid here?
Think about it.
I kiss you and say, "Good morning darling, you look very beautiful."
Not a new one that has already been used, but it works but is not needed.
But instead of fleeing, the protesters went on the attack.
We were accommodated in Minsk and escorted.
None after the war. None that you didn't think.
As Ukrinform reported, residents of Donetsk region regularly hold peaceful protests against the Russian aggressor.
Marina couldn't excite me today when we arrived)) But it takes time, it has to pass
9 years ago, Ukrainian sociology showed that 67% of Ukrainians were against joining NATO and only 18% of respondents were in favor.
In Ukraine, operators of the largest banks are always in touch with customers 24 hours a day and promptly all issues are resolved :)
There is a sweep of the enemy - they are looking for Russians in basements and apartments.
I don't know, darling, how are you?
So, in modern Russia, the descendants of the NKVD have found ways to punish and exterminate almost everyone who seriously investigated the crimes of their ancestors 70-80 years ago.
When I wake up next to you.
You can view the list by following the link.
We cleaned the whole room and moved to the second. The room is free. Thank you very much🙏🙏🙏
These are gas stations that stood on the Zhytomyr highway in the first days of the war and patiently served frightened and nervous people.
Thank you for your help, we found housing, but we need a bed and a sofa, maybe you can tell me where you can buy it not expensive, because our budget is weak, thank you very much
When I asked Katya to call the Border Guard Service back, I said she couldn't
In my personal life, I am sociable, but I am monogamous and take marriage issues seriously.
It is better to give the funds that you collect to people who are more in need.
And, if you don't give him what he wants, you can try to either go somehow, or you'll get crushed.
What are you going to do
Yes! He's on it like an experienced driver! But I don't know if it's better. I'm worried about the walls of the apartment
The Bundeswehr will provide Kyiv with 100 of its howitzers as soon as possible, and the resulting gaps will then be filled by industry in the second stage.
So I hope he's okay
Let's imagine a rather cynical situation when independent members of supervisory boards (who make up the majority of the entire membership) put their personal safety above the interests of the company and refuse to come to Ukraine.
I thought you and Milana didn't shoot each other
You don't know if you'll have anything to feed them tomorrow or not.
What can I do to convince you?
I will remember you for the rest of my life.
Hello, it's already a little better.
Zusana, the doctor gave us such papers. Help me write down what I need, please😅😊
Mom has been there since 4 a.m.
Did you mean that we clean ourselves and you just control?
We don't get to that hatch
You are planning to buy the dress you saw yesterday in the mall.
Thank you!
For Ukraine, this means that a diplomatic solution to the Russian-Ukrainian conflict is becoming more complicated and globalized.
We agree that there is such a risk, but can it be prevented by the relocation of members of supervisory boards to Ukraine?
Simple - get us wrong.
Then they came for me, but there was no one left to say anything in my defense."
Photographs of tortured and executed people confused the entire civilized world.
However, if you stay in the Czech Republic for more than one year, you must exchange it at the municipality for a Czech driver's license.
I poked something into Vodafone and connected two unnecessary promotions for which I withdrew funds and I can't turn 😭 them off
I came again early on Monday and the alarm went off ((
Tell me, please, is this housing, what did you send it, does someone rent it out or what?
I have a package of tariff for a month expires today :)
They want to try not only the Ukrainian penis, but also the Finnish one
I will give you this money as soon as the bank approves it.
I really liked the exhibition of butterflies.
I will go to rest. Gain strength and energy. Thank you for today's gift. Good night
The family settled on the territory of the military camp, although they were civilians.
Zelenskyy: Mariupol is the heart of the war, if it stops beating, we will have weak positions
If there are no options, then I still agree.
She had an unpleasant situation.
It depends on the religion.
Yes, we took it home and took it to my aunt right away.
None of you like Putin and his regime of thieves and fascists, most of you hate them.
Type or types of economic activity
I could pay for housing at reasonable prices if someone gave me a room.
Tell me, please, small children- what age do you mean?
"This step is based on the decision made by more than 600 multinational companies to withdraw from Russia.
Everything is fine, we walked, I was very tired
Higher education institution, abbreviated as HEI, unofficially university[1] (before the adoption of the Law of Ukraine "On Education"[2], the term higher educational institution was used, as well as the abbreviations HEI[3], university[4]) is a separate type of institution that is a legal entity of private or public law, operates in accordance with the issued license to carry out educational activities at certain levels of higher education, conducts scientific, scientific and technical,  innovative and/or methodical activities, ensures the organization of the educational process and the acquisition of higher education, postgraduate education by persons, taking into account their vocations, interests and abilities[5].
But in general, everything is fine
It is written in the Torah, and God created the evil inclination in man so that during his life he would change spiritually and become better
But in order for this document to be printed the way I made it, you must first download it to your computer.
Did you manage to make friends with anyone?
The Russians have been launching missile strikes on Kyiv since the first days of the full-scale invasion of the Russian occupation forces in Ukraine.
For steamers, only these rags should be used
Therefore, the parcel was sent to the post office and the address of this branch is indicated.
I'll meet on Thursday and I'll tell you everything.
I beg you very much, one of them can barely stand on his feet, shouts something, he doesn't like something. Very scary.
I'll ask my husband in the morning if he'll make it tomorrow.
That is, I made a request online, but you need to go to the Department of Labor to make an application.
I didn't go. Yes, I baked it myself. I can do it! The main thing is that you taught me how to turn on the oven.
Until something becomes clear.
I'll go delete the photo in a swimsuit
Hello, we have done the tests and the doctor will be informed of the result
I'm going to turn on the TV here just to listen to Czech
More precisely, today I am only asking for attention.
We have prepared dumplings for you to try. They need to be cooked for 7 minutes
I collected several works for my portfolio.
Two Transcarpathian and two Czech brothers of the "birds" were sent to Ukraine the day before yesterday thanks to the deputy of the Mukachevo City Council Volodymyr Labutenko.
It was a Chechen riot police, not even troops, young guys of 25-35 years old.
Some received huge sentences.
We were at home at 3:00 p.m. We went with Kristina and her family to Vyšehrad Castle.
Sometimes on weekends I would go back to Moscow and have fun hanging out with you, my friends.
In the Donetsk direction, the enemy continues to focus its main efforts on taking control of the settlements of Popasna, Rubizhne, Nyzhnie and Novobakhmutivka, as well as establishing full control over the city of Mariupol.
So I had to go through such events in order to change.
'Cause that's how I don't love, I'm missing for a long time
He will do as he says."
In connection with the change in the aesthetics of Ukrainian literature, new concepts were needed to describe its new qualitative state.
These are small entrepreneurs who have opened volunteer headquarters in their premises and shops.
But I am sure that there would still be no war," he added.
And I have a problem with this, if I don't love a person, nothing will work.
I'm ashamed to sit out of work
Did you live in a warring state?
Will it be convenient for you to go to the bank with me on Monday? Or on another day
In the conversation, Aislin said that they tried to get out of the city in civilian clothes, but they failed.
I need a bedside table. I can pay the rent.
Any will fit, do you have any?
I cook deliciously, do not ask too much and give good advice
Some of us are confused, with phones ... who are left over from our other life... Yes, some did not adapt in a month.
In Warsaw, there are a lot of people in the visa center and there is no online queue.
Dominica, who purchases consumables?
If so, what type, species.
An apple is not far from an apple tree, as you know, falls...
Said there are inexpensive and delicious cakes
Another person did not write to you, Natalia, 54 years old.Please write the exact address and how much the courses cost
And what about housing, what did you send photos
I need to pass an examination for the manufacture of a food license. Can I do it with you?
For the month of May - I will be able to say approximately at the end of April or the beginning of May.
By the way, you didn't want to write to me today. Somehow
"It would have unfolded differently, we would have had the shoulder of close neighbors, we could have fought together.
Then, after a while, he called that he had undergone heart surgery.
Kyiv Mayor Vitaliy Klitschko reiterated on April 13 that it was too early for residents of the capital who had evacuated from the city to return.
You can prepare documents for us - employment contract
Hello, are we going to see the coffee shop tomorrow?
Well, at least I went there and saw myself how state snipers shot my children's peers in cold blood on the streets of Homs.
Sorry, but we're a little late.
I'll write to you in dinner
Of course, we can after 5 p.m.
It's just that I wake up very early in the morning without an alarm clock.
Everything was resolved by itself
We are not away from Prague now, we have a car, we are ready to pay part of the accommodation.
When several oppositionists were killed – Yuri Shchekochikhin, Anna Politkovskaya, Alexander Litvinenko and others – many of you were shocked and horrified by what was happening.
I read the Bible, the Koran, started reading the Torah.
I need to change my bed linen, 2 sets.
Offer 150 CZK/hour.
First of all, I hid the receiver and the TV from her.
I'm looking for a job... But there is a problem, I can't stay on my feet for a long time after surgery, so it's very difficult to find something suitable for me.
It would be great, I have money for two months of rent, in Olomouc the area does not matter, I will be very grateful.
I can come to you and we will decide on the spot. I don't care if I help
You are doing us so much good.....
Today, Russia has attacked a peaceful country, bombing and killing thousands of civilians, starving the inhabitants of the cities it has blockaded and letting them die of disease.
We were in a shop at the train station
But the air is clean, which is a plus😀
But these people came and told us that the Armed Forces of Ukraine are no longer there, but there is Azov, and, according to them, Azov is 100 thousand in Ukraine.
Hello, do you still have free places for the Czech course for adults from 19:00 on Tuesday?
It's probably time for you to go to bed to work tomorrow
Perhaps they are caused by your long-term indifference to what is happening around you, your apathy and your passive complicity, which now, probably, have fallen a great burden on your soul and heart?
All power in Ukroboronprom belongs to the Director General, who, by the way, will decide on the need to relocate a particular defense industry enterprise that is part of the concern.
The Russians threatened to block Ukrainian fighters on the territory of the Azovstal plant in Mariupol and use chemical weapons against them.
As far as I understand, I used the entire monthly GB in three days?
The head of the President's Office, Andriy Yermak, said that Russia is launching a "fake operation" regarding the weapons transferred to us by the allies.
On the site, there is a TV in the photo, please ask if it will be possible to drive up today.
And now I want to eat something sweet
Great, I'll write when I go out
I'm not greedy for everything
2. The school canteen of the kindergarten provides meals for duly enrolled children aged 2 to 6 years, children with deferred education (7 years) and meals for kindergarten staff.
We are now in Slap, we have been sheltered by friends for a while.
Very good news!
While the same Biden is categorically against closing the sky, 70% of his fellow citizens already support this idea.
After all, they are also not located at the location of their companies.
You offered to go with you, I agreed, if everything goes well
I will say here that Belarusian volunteers helped us a lot.
Sergiy Sydorenko: Our membership in NATO has ceased to be a distant prospect
Last week, the Verkhovna Rada adopted draft law 7176, entitled "On Monitoring Potential Threats to Ukraine's National Security in the Field of Economy."
I have to go to that labor government
Hello, I'm sorry, I just woke up, I didn't sleep well
Yes, you can do that.
Some of you have done so.
No, they haven't sent anything from school yet, I only have a receipt for payment
Something came from you, I don't see what
Where can I buy a hat with moving ears?
Please tell me if I have not filled out this form and have not received any payments yet
I don't have to take it with me, babysitting services are designed for much smaller children or can I take it?
On Monday, I have to bring proof of employment, as well as cash payment for the nursery.
This loan is handled by a financial advisor.
They brought chickens for themselves, tied a St. George's ribbon to one leg and their white tape to the other, and called it "militia".
But maybe she'll have a dormitory. (looking for Prague, Brno, and other places)
Do we have any other premises today? Or, as always, only stairs from top to bottom?
My husband is an athlete. I have a son who is engaged in tourism.
Navalny's organization has been crushed, but it is possible to create other, more informal, more decentralized ones.
When, after two terms, Putin handed over the post of president to Medvedev, and he himself took the place of prime minister, you, as I see, barely paid attention to it.
Tell me, please, the exact address where to go tomorrow for cleaning, what is the code for the keys and at what time tomorrow the guests leave, and the new guests settle in?
To begin with, there are almost no state-owned defense enterprises in Ukraine that have supervisory boards.
Mrs. Markéta and I agreed that she would hire me.
And you hid in books, movies, IKEA catalogs and parks, completely like new after the restoration that the mayor of Moscow began in 2012 – with their beanbags, public Wi-Fi and hipster cafes.
My phone is broken. Not charging. Until Tuesday, we will be in touch through Oleksii's mobile phone.
They call every day that everything is fine, and then who knows, they still won't tell the truth
We arrived, cooked food, and talked.
I can help my hosts around the house, cook meals, or do cleaning.
As well as howitzers in the version on the Boxer armored personnel carrier for 1.2 billion euros.
The example of Ukrainians, even more so than in 2014, frightens Putin's regime: they prove that it can be fought.
I ordered a parcel from Germany using DHL.
I just wrote that I was in class at school
Thousands ended up behind bars.
Diana didn't answer me and you
It's going to be good. Thanks. If the ultrasound shows something, then we'll take a look
I don't think he wants to rob me :)
However, at the end of 2011, you, my Russian friends, did wake up.
They put 30-40 units of equipment between the houses – ours constantly hit it with Bayraktars.
When you can't even ask for help.
We were accommodated in Red Cross tents and given tea.
"At first they came for the socialists, but I kept silent – because I am not a socialist.
I understand how important this is to you!
Tomorrow I'll listen, the Internet doesn't work well. Good night
I couldn't stay away.
I wish you to find a good helper 😊
Tomorrow I am at work all day, until 12 at Fpoint, then I have English lectures, and in the evening I have to go to the office of the language school to get the keys to the office.
It was supposed to be delivered to me yesterday, but no one contacted me and the package was not delivered, and the DHL website says that the recipient could not be found.
He asked me to just talk to him and support him, I felt sorry for him.
Can you ask my wife what can I buy for cough .
I'm going to work tomorrow morning around 6:00-6:20 and I'll be home in the afternoon.
I can help with cleaning
Dozens of people ask each other how this could happen in the 21st century?! How?!
I'll ask her. I'm a little ashamed to ask, she already gives us a lot of pies.
In a month, I have more questions than answers.
The city or village does not matter, it is desirable that it be a separate apartment.
Our children study online, I am a seller and a cook by profession, but I can work in the field and as a cleaner, that is, a handyman, Mariana is an eyelash extension specialist, she can work at home, and the second Mariana has no specialty, that is, a handyman
• Expired after 1.1.2022 - remains valid.
Good morning, I'll leave at 10... Write the address again, the SMS disappeared somewhere
And on April 1, 93-year-old Oksana Poliova took up arms for the first time in her life.
If there is such an opportunity, I want to improve the mathematical terms over the weekend.
I had sincere feelings for this man, but he did not act very decently and I left him.
Sorry, I didn't fully understand the question
Purchases can be left in your car, then we will pick up the children and pick up things
And I am very grateful for the hospitality in your heart.
Hello, you have a toy box
We were in class on Friday, we were told that we could come on Monday
If I were you, I'd be afraid too.
I can't remember this schedule :)
We drove through the Kyiv region, the city of Irpin, and there was horror, shooting, sirens.
There is someone to speak Czech, if anything.
Now hard times have come to you, too.
The Russian military is using force and weapons against people, there are wounded and detained.
I don't have the opportunity to go in person(((((( thank you this form needs to be printed out to fill out
Since 2014, I have consistently helped the Armed Forces of Ukraine and never doubted for a moment that in the event of the occupation of the suburbs of Kyiv, my family would not be spared.
What will happen next? We know the scenarios of the Russians. I'll name one of them.
At least we could see each other now. The conversation is more like correspondence, but it also turned out well.
Thirdly, all these statements are read as claims exclusively against foreigners.
My name is Ciara, we are from Ukraine, I am with my daughter, she is 7 years old and with my mother.
For the sake of the little one, I'll cross the 😂🙃😂 barrier
The adviser to the head of the President's Office spoke about the heroic act of a senior officer of the border troops in Mariupol - he was surrounded and wounded, so he blew himself up with a radio station so that it would not fall into the hands of the enemy.
So, Nestor still has only a runny nose, and Galinka has a temperature of 37.7, dinner 38
In 1998, your economy collapsed, and this marked the end of mass rallies for greater social justice or against the war in Chechnya.
Other Frequently Asked Questions About Driver's License:
Write to him if you need anything.
Yes. Size for 10-11 years. But our sizes do not match. Everything must be measured
We also hope that after the war we will be able to invite you to Ukraine!
They offered to give interviews to Belarusian journalists, but no one wanted to.
Without terror, it simply cannot exist, it is built on terror.
But let's be honest: With the exception of a very few of you – those who have worked at Memorial, Novaya Gazeta, Ekho Moskvy, Meduza, Navalny's organization, and a number of other places – have many of you done anything to resist this regime?
As a rule, such people have other employment, and it is the means of electronic communication that help them in this.
This tool has long been widespread in world practice, and in completely different areas: business, education, medicine, etc.
These are utility workers who take out garbage, repair water pipes and power lines under fire to provide people with what they need.
I wanted to come to you, but I still wanted to settle some matters.
Many of you have begun to earn good money, some have become rich, and even the poorest of you have bought new homes and found better jobs.
I am grateful to God that he does not see this war.
A man and a woman decide on their own issues in their family, especially without the participation of relatives.
In total, about 40 people were hiding in their basement.
This is the foundation we must protect – it is also part of our responsibility related to our history."
How long did I study for this specialty?
When the police came and tried to destroy it, they began to defend themselves with sticks, rebar and Molotov cocktails.
Yes, thank you very much, Anya, I will also plot a route in the geolocation in the phone so that we can get there as soon as possible
And take it with you at 6-7 o'clock in the morning
yes, I'm happy to listen to jazz
The main concern was survival.
For these murders, for these tortures... For being shot in the back of the head," he said.
At the beginning of March, I wrote to Alexander Cherkasov, a very old friend of mine from Memorial.
I will also be grateful if you prompt me at the beginning so that I do everything the way you need😊
Quote: "Mariupol is, you know, the heart of this war today.
She was very grateful, she was crying.
How it worked: they drove us into the basement and started shooting from under the house – either with Grads or mortars.
And these two are my cousins
You may have had a lot of disappointments.
Everyone follows the Facebook page.
Now we have agreed that we will be friends.
Before that, on April 11, the 36th Separate Marine Brigade, which participates in the defense of Mariupol, published an appeal to Ukrainians in Russian.
We usually need the passport of one of the adults
Moreover, we go to work and the means of
Weapons and military equipment are being prepared at the permanent deployment point of the 60th Separate Motorized Rifle Brigade (Monastyryshche) of the 5th Combined Arms Army of the Eastern Military District.
Not for the sake of criticism as such, but in order to show the possible consequences of the draft law, we will analyze the arguments that explained the need for its adoption.
On April 1, the mayor of Bucha, Anatoly Fedoruk, announced the good news that the Ukrainian military liberated the city from the Russian invaders on March 31.
Men also have a lot of nuances
If such cases continue, the armed forces of the Russian Federation will strike at decision-making centres, including in Kyiv, from which the Russian army previously refrained."
They broke up the store, took the goods from there under the pretext "the Russians will take it anyway" and brought us 6 bottles.
I believe that there are no intermediaries between man and God.
Don't forget that you promised to help me, how you will have the opportunity, but not the last one to 🤫😟😉🙃 give
On March 2, Ukrainian air defense systems shot down Russian missiles flying in the direction of the Ministry of Defense building over the South Railway Station.
But nothing surprised me at all. Exactly what I have been waiting for with sadness is happening...
But it doesn't have to be. Only if there is. I am also very grateful to you.
And why did you ban it?
You have dreams.
We'll do it somehow.
Atlas News journalists contacted his friend, who said that Aislin's unit intended to surrender to Russian units so as not to fall into the hands of the so-called "Kadyrovites" without weapons and bullets.
I put the cabbage rolls in a saucepan and pour this sauce.
Hryshko has already gone to the nursery, but it's not that simple... Cries a lot
Isn't little Dušan shy anymore?
I have free time, and we only go to Easter ceremonies.
Then they can still rape, mutilate the body, and children see it all.
I have a volt partner marked that my application is pending.
But Zelensky speaks not so much to them as to their voters and societies as a whole.
Thank you for responding and I wish you to find a good assistant😊
You read foreign news on the Internet, you have friends or even relatives in Ukraine with whom you keep in touch.
Maybe you just don't want to see each other today, so tell me, I'll understand everything)
"All the equipment, everything they are already sending, for some types of equipment it was done too late.
I am worried that you will be satisfied with my work.
In general, it blows hard in a foreign country, every day more and more I want to go home.
My heart belongs to you.
You didn't think I was still a kid
Then they came for trade union members, but I kept silent because I am not a member of trade unions.
So far, it has succeeded.
Other cooperation according to satisfaction.
Also, in order to restore the losses of personnel of the units of the battalion tactical group from the 36th Separate Motorized Rifle Brigade (Borzya, Trans-Baikal Territory) of the 29th Combined Arms Army of the Eastern Military District, servicemen from this brigade are being recruited.
Can we pay for the apartment and wf?
I'm already going crazy
But "Never again!" doesn't just mean speaking out against the swastika.
Very tasty apples, what kind of variety are they?
But in what status did we spend this time together.....
The most vile traits of human nature are concentrated there.
She can't hear well – it allowed me to be invisible to her.
You can call the school, Kira doesn't pick up the phone, doesn't answer, I don't know if I made it to school
5. What other education, apart from Czech language courses, would you like for yourself?
There are 4 of us, 2 adults and 2 children, this is a very small apartment, we need 1 more room, with a bed.
To prove everything to you.
We need a family doctor for her who will understand a little bit of Ukrainian or Russian.
My mom wouldn't dare to do that, she loves long hair
Almost 50 professional copters🚁 will be used for detection, and some of them will be used for the direct destruction of the enemy invader💥.
I thank you very much, you helped me a lot
People's deputy, author of the draft law Dmytro Natalukha provides other arguments in support of it.
I understand that the translator does not always translate the text correctly
But one lady wrote to me at night who liked your work and would like something from you in her house.
From Monday 4.
Sometimes they call me to be a model
He wants to put pressure on all my pain points now, he knows which ones.
Professions offered. Possible without knowledge of the language?
Your elections are just hochma, your laws, except for the repressive ones, are worth no more than the paper they are written on, your last free media is gone, your economy is collapsing faster than I write, you no longer have credit cards to buy a plane ticket abroad, even if there are still some flights left.
And I want to get out of here as soon as possible
I am grateful to every person for the experience, even if it is painful.
I'm worried about them as well.
My name is Oksana. I am a theatre critic and university lecturer. I also work as an expert of the Ukrainian Cultural Foundation and an expert of a theater festival.
Yes, but I make it difficult.
In the Qur'an it is written: "even a leaf from a tree falls with his knowledge."
It's not worth it, I'm a simple man
It's very cool and nice to find your own people in spirit, where you didn't expect and didn't look for it)
I would have walked on my feet, otherwise I had to go from Brno)))) I'm looking for a convenient route
I was a little shocked that I work with people in such a high position.
You see, there's something in common, we like to experiment with food 😊
How can I pick it up?
Except perhaps for participation in rallies when they were still taking place.
These women are incomprehensible
So we wanted to solve the issue with the card for Easter.We don't have internet banking,we don't know how to install it.What do we need to do?
God, what a cool garden! I am so grateful to you, there are no words, thank you very much. Vlad liked it❤️ very much
I will write to you in any case.
Thanks. We didn't even watch TV at home, let alone 1+1. We don't need to set up :)
After the Revolution of Dignity, the escape of Viktor Yanukovych, the annexation of Crimea and the beginning of the war in Donbas, the number of opponents of NATO began to fall, and supporters, on the contrary, grew.
To be in the pool, you need a certificate
However, if I'm not very physically comfortable, because I don't have such a good physical shape
I hope there will be no problems. Thanks
And so you don't have to go again
If you don't mind, I'd come
It's good, because I've already started to complain that I got something wrong and got in the wrong place
Read also the column of the Russian journalist "It's too late to hide, it's too late to be silent"
Generals are dismissed from the army.
I clean every week
In the beginning, you can try it for free
It is very lush and comfortable there.
Mrs. Agatha, if you need this photo, I will take a picture.
I can work with bedridden patients and disabled children
And after the difficult 1990s, this was the most important thing.
In total, Ukrainian authorities said the bodies of at least 410 civilians were found in the Kyiv area, which until last week was controlled by Russian forces.
May God grant that we will have a good ride.
I am now on the phone with all my acquaintances from Lviv, many people have died.
Teacher Dmytro Pavlytskyi and his unknown relative, young man Borys Oleksienko, were shot.
She spoke Czech, and that's how I understood her.
The man has already found a job as a driver.
Analyzing the case of my great-grandfather, I became interested in various information resources.
How are you feeling?
The bank will apply for the loan on Monday.
I went out into the yard to breathe fresh air, cleaned the yard a little, because being constantly in the house you can 🤪
A better future awaits us
I don't know about work yet. Of course, I would like it if I put my children in kindergarten and school
👉I don't have a valid driver's license and I want Czech:
On our terms, on the terms of Ukraine's independence, but... Every family has lost something – and I don't think they will be satisfied with any peace on any terms.
Destructive actions in the form of spreading fakes and disinformation are aimed at provoking panic and disorganization, which is sensitive to public safety.
One song for you at night
These are tractor drivers who, in fact, go to the field under fire, because it's time to sow.
Six months ago, at the Babyn Yar Holocaust Memorial Center in Kyiv, we commemorated 80 years of the mass execution of Ukrainian Jews by German soldiers at Babyn Yar.
The Russian invasion of Ukraine is accompanied by terrible things: robberies, rapes, murders, tortures.
It is strange that, in fact, the only potential threat to Ukraine's national security in the economic sphere was... the place where the members of the supervisory board of state-owned companies and state-owned banks hold meetings.
I hope that my son will come out of this meat grinder alive.
2. Would you be interested in joint activities with your Czech neighbors, friends, and community?
• staying in the Czech Republic for at least 185 days in a calendar year.
We have already done this, but they said that those who registered in April will receive money only at the end of the month
This is your country, damn it, not mine.
I will be able to pay 12000 a month, preferably it should be with payments
When girls come back from school, what do they do then?
What do I need to do?
Can you send me the correct email address?
Many of you will feel understandable fear; Those who have children will fear for them.
But we can do everything, we are Ukraine, and what we can't do, we learn quickly)))
Thank you for such a beautiful and fun day.
When prices soared by 100-200%.
Do you know how to report online that I am employed and no longer apply for assistance?
And if I'm serious
They also talked about people of Roma nationality, what privileges they have in Ukraine.
For part of March and April, I have already paid for food.
On the morning of February 24, she called her nephews and asked them to collect the most necessary things and documents.
In the Slobozhansky direction, separate units from the 6th Combined Arms Army and the coastal troops of the Northern Fleet continue to partially blockade the city of Kharkiv, artillery shelling of certain areas of the city continues.
Good evening, I somehow didn't think about it :)
And they also don't work over the phone during the Easter holidays?
Yesterday you said that you are ready to accept me as your partner, and I, as your partner, do not want any money back.
I'm also glad I met you
But I can say that Belarusians absolutely do not want to fight.
The rest of those who remained my friends were mostly silent.
Thank you, I need something, but I can't go anywhere anymore. You need to eat, cook and learn words. Or maybe tomorrow at half past 10.. We were enrolled in courses at 11 o'clock
I'll share my thoughts with you.
Tell yourself how you want it, and I'll do it.
The initiators of the draft law believe that decision-making by the supervisory board of a state-owned company in Kyiv, for example, can somehow solve the problems of Ukraine's national security.
Can we stay with you while Mrs. Margarita finds us a place to stay?
First of all, it is a manipulation – most of these members of supervisory boards have never lived in Ukraine and only occasionally came here.
Thus, on February 22, this provision was included in the comparative table of draft law 5397.
My girls can't move anywhere yet, so I didn't write to the owner of the house.
And I am silent about myself (for me this is just a peak that cannot be comprehended)!
Tell me, please, will Victor be able to help us with the refrigerator tomorrow?
We had no food or ammunition left.
Because, in fact, I am always insecure in my abilities, and I need such words!
I'm probably very naïve or very in love, but I'll come up with something with this money.
In particular, he notes: "many enterprises, in particular the military-industrial complex (MIC), now need to relocate" and therefore "it is difficult to imagine that a person can, for example, discuss addresses and other sensitive information from Vienna via Zoom."
On the third day, they asked us what we were missing.
I ask a decent and kind family to respond, who are ready to give us housing and support us in our situation.
Yes, we liked it, very good, and we wanted something closer, so this is a better option
The smell of cigarettes in the rooms is as if they are smoking here.
I would like you to rest a little and think about yourself.
Well, look at the Ukrainians.
1. Are you missing important information? If so, what type, species.
We live in the village in a large family house with a large garden and a closed courtyard between Jihlava and Havličkův Brod.
On his birthday, the skating rink tries to commit suicide on Charles Bridge
I have a lot to say today, so I ask for your patience.
Fake information was spread on social media about students liable for military service, preparations for the evacuation of higher education institutions, and the release of places in dormitories.
She said, if possible, maybe there would still be some old blanket and pillow.
Meanwhile, Russia has deployed its missile systems on the border with Finland.
Unfold and cover the sofa?
I hear a lot - the war is on 10% of the territories of Ukraine.
I know it wasn't easy for you.
This is my classmate Ukrainian
😂😋I'm already having fun talking to you, and I even like it 😉
According to him, the brigade ran out of ammunition and food.
And basically, they did not fight, but went to rob shops, loot.
We offer free accommodation.
We feel like we are in our own family.
We want to inform you about the change of accommodation and at the same time apply for the extension of the card
How to understand whether there are free seats in the mug or not
Why do people flee?
I believe in genetics and would not be surprised if it was his relative who was a KGB informant.
I am a certified masseuse and nurse with 27 years of experience in the field of neurology.
Watch the semi-French film "Chekist" from 1992, and that's how it was.
As far as I know, 91% of Russian citizens supported the annexation.
Do you mind if I come right after the war?
When Can You Bring Things
On Thursday you need a pass, we go with the children to the doctor.
My name is Olga, before the war I worked as a flight attendant for the SkyUp company, my mother is a seamstress of industrial products, my son Makarchyk went to kindergarten.
And if I don't top up my mobile account today, won't my number be blocked tomorrow?
So you can count on me, thank you!
I talked to Volodymyr about housing, consulted on whether to wait for me until they find me or to look for it myself, they also said here the ladies who live with us that we need to go to the metro station, museum, there is an institution that helps to find housing
A few years ago, the Zhytomyr Security Service of Ukraine made a copy of the execution case of my great-grandfather: the whole case is more than a hundred pages, but the sentence to death is very simple and therefore even more terrible.
When you arrive, call me on the phone. Doorbell not working
By the way, this initiative appeared even before the start of the war and draft law 7176.
It seems to me that I won't make it tomorrow without you
There is a war in our country now and we need to move to a safe place.
You know I love you.
You will agree on the date with the lady yourself.
He was a very rich man, but he liked me because I had my own point of view on life, I dated him, then I left him.
Why are you young and there are a lot of girls for sure
About UAH 30,000 for debts, plus UAH 30,000 so that you have left.
And I don't understand why the money was withdrawn
Many died, but they won.
Hello I am looking for a job for my wife in medicine, has the title of paramedic or nurse.
